['Rest assured that I can easily send this video to all your contacts with a few clicks, and I assume that you would like to prevent this scenario.\n\nWith that in mind, here is my proposal:\nTransfer the amount equivalent to 1400 USD to my Bitcoin wallet, and I will forget about the entire thing. I will also delete all data and videos permanently.', 'I lost my money to an online scammer last month through crypto currency Bitcoin transactions, I tried all I could to get the money back at a point i came across a United States crypto recovery expert agency.  Visit: (https://coinportservice.online) an agency helping a lot of people in getting back their funds, I got in contact with them and I provided all information they needed for the recovery, within 48hours they got back my money, I confirmed the payment in my wallet account. Please if you are a victim of online scam quickly contact them to recover all your lost money easily.', 'Good work deserves recommendation...\ni lost over 2.3 BTC on Instagram bitcoin scam.. Right about 2 weeks after my ordeal with them I tried using the recommendation from someone on one of the comment section www.blocknode.online I was able to get all my money back in less than 48 hours.. Contact www.blocknode.online to recover all your stolen bitcoins free of charge', 'Rest assured that I can easily send this video to all your contacts with a few clicks, and I assume that you would like to prevent this scenario.\n\nWith that in mind, here is my proposal:\nTransfer the amount equivalent to 1400 USD to my Bitcoin wallet, and I will forget about the entire thing. I will also delete all data and videos permanently.', 'I lost my money to an online scammer last month through crypto currency Bitcoin transactions, I tried all I could to get the money back at a point i came across a United States crypto recovery expert agency.  Visit: (https://coinportservice.online) an agency helping a lot of people in getting back their funds, I got in contact with them and I provided all information they needed for the recovery, within 48hours they got back my money, I confirmed the payment in my wallet account. Please if you are a victim of online scam quickly contact them to recover all your lost money easily.', 'Good work deserves recommendation...\ni lost over 2.3 BTC on Instagram bitcoin scam.. Right about 2 weeks after my ordeal with them I tried using the recommendation from someone on one of the comment section www.blocknode.online I was able to get all my money back in less than 48 hours.. Contact www.blocknode.online to recover all your stolen bitcoins free of charge', 'Get in touch with Summitrecoup com if you want to recover your scammed funds or get some legal counsel on how to go about it. They’re the Best and Most legit team out there. I saw their reviews and reached out, got back all my funds with roi. Superb I Must say!', 'Get in touch with Summitrecoup com if you want to recover your scammed funds or get some legal counsel on how to go about it. They’re the Best and Most legit team out there. I saw their reviews and reached out, got back all my funds with roi. Superb I Must say!', 'Rest assured that I can easily send this video to all your contacts with a few clicks, and I assume that you would like to prevent this scenario.\n\nWith that in mind, here is my proposal:\nTransfer the amount equivalent to 1400 USD to my Bitcoin wallet, and I will forget about the entire thing. I will also delete all data and videos permanently.', 'I lost my money to an online scammer last month through crypto currency Bitcoin transactions, I tried all I could to get the money back at a point i came across a United States crypto recovery expert agency.  Visit: (https://coinportservice.online) an agency helping a lot of people in getting back their funds, I got in contact with them and I provided all information they needed for the recovery, within 48hours they got back my money, I confirmed the payment in my wallet account. Please if you are a victim of online scam quickly contact them to recover all your lost money easily.', 'Good work deserves recommendation...\ni lost over 2.3 BTC on Instagram bitcoin scam.. Right about 2 weeks after my ordeal with them I tried using the recommendation from someone on one of the comment section www.blocknode.online I was able to get all my money back in less than 48 hours.. Contact www.blocknode.online to recover all your stolen bitcoins free of charge', 'Get in touch with Summitrecoup com if you want to recover your scammed funds or get some legal counsel on how to go about it. They’re the Best and Most legit team out there. I saw their reviews and reached out, got back all my funds with roi. Superb I Must say!']